Readme.md, before:


# API Refresher Course

This is a notes document for [API Beginner Course](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/apis-for-beginners/) on freeCodeCamp. Utilizing Twilio REST API to send/receive text messages from applications such as:

- Command Line Interface (CMD) with curl and HTTPS URL encoding
- RestFox browser REST API client
- Visual Studio Code with Thunder REST API client
- Small Project with Serverless/Server-Side API client

Planning to upload this to GitHub as a refresher project. Willing to start, and starting small is always a good first step. The purpose for this project is to get up to speed with various tech stacks for project management/version control via Git/GitHub.  

Tasks
- implement git version control to upload current project progress to GitHub

- next task
    -follow along API tutorial using JavaScript, and learn about asynchronous usage as I go

Helpful links

https://restfox.dev/
https://www.postman.com/twilio/workspace/twilio-api/request/12503610-d3c4a484-3517-461d-b168-471bf8390188?ctx=code
https://www.twilio.com/docs/sms/api/message-resource?code-sample=code-fetch-message&code-language=Python&code-sdk-version=7.x
https://www.twilio.com/docs/libraries/python
https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2

Commit message:

python app works, js needs work with json/fetch

Readme.md, after:


# API Refresher Course

This is a notes document for [API Beginner Course](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/apis-for-beginners/) on freeCodeCamp. Utilizing Twilio REST API to send/receive text messages from applications such as:

- Command Line Interface (CMD) with curl and HTTPS URL encoding
- RestFox browser REST API client
- Visual Studio Code with Thunder REST API client
- Small Project with Serverless/Server-Side API client

Planning to upload this to GitHub as a refresher project. Willing to start, and starting small is always a good first step. The purpose for this project is to get up to speed with various tech stacks for project management/version control via Git/GitHub and utilizing the world of remote Web-based APIs.

Tasks
- figure out why fetch is not working for my json file
- follow along API tutorial using JavaScript, and learn about asynchronous usage as I go
- project with TWILIO Rest API using JavaScript

Helpful links

https://restfox.dev/

https://console.twilio.com/?frameUrl=%2Fconsole%3Fx-target-region%3Dus1

https://www.postman.com/twilio/workspace/twilio-api/request/12503610-d3c4a484-3517-461d-b168-471bf8390188?ctx=code

https://www.twilio.com/docs/sms/api/message-resource?code-sample=code-fetch-message&code-language=Python&code-sdk-version=7.x

https://www.twilio.com/docs/libraries/python

https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2
